README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Udacity project - Wold you rather

In order to run the project, you need to install dependencies

`npm install`

and then you will be able to run the project by executing

`npm start`

The project starts in browser it opens [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) so you will be able to see it.

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Commit message:

Finalized project, all the required items implemented

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Udacity project - Wold you rather

Application is built using react and redux. Server is implemented into the application. For asynchronous communication with the server, I'm using redux thunk.

### Instructions to run the application

In order to run the project, clone the repository

`git clone https://github.com/peter-krajcir/udacity-would-you-rather.git`

Then switch to the cloned directory

`cd udacity-would-you-rather`

And install the dependecies

`npm install`

Then you will be able to run the project by executing

`npm start`

The project starts in browser it opens [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) so you will be able to see it.

### User Management

In order to use the webpage, user must be logged in. He can from 3 different users available in the dropdown. To switch the users, click on the Logout link in the upper menu

### Application

#### Home

2 categories of the questions: Unanswered (selected by default) and Answered based on the vote of the signed user

#### New Question

Signed user can create a new poll with 2 options for voting

#### Leaderboard

Descending ordered list of the users based on their votes and created questions
